hello my friends welcome to my July /
August favorites and fails countdown
video I'm excited to share with you all
the worst products I tried all the way
up to the best products I tried in the
past two months since you have stuff to
do today let's go ahead and just jump
right into number 10
alright the worst product I tried this
month is unfortunately drugstore it is
the covergirl Sol a she blasts pro
mascara I bought this on a whim I saw
that they were they included James
Charles in the ad campaign for it and I
was like a youtuber you know I've met
him once he was very nice to me when I
met him the one time this was before
covergirl pre pre covergirl it's and and
I wanted to get it because he was part
of it and that's why I got it this is a
very strange wand to say the least it's
got these weird like like rainbow look
in I don't even know what's going here
and then the spiky ball on the end I
don't even know what's going on with
this thing but I can just tell you it
just did not work for me the rubber
bristles were a little bit scratchy on
my eyes and it just didn't give me the
that I wanted I didn't have any flaking
or smudging but I didn't really have
much length or volume either I've had
really bad luck with covergirl mascaras
for me if covergirl mascaras worked for
you you may have better luck than I did
but for me this was a big No second is
unfortunately another drugstore product
giving me said this is the elf brand new
this is like an eyeshadow base it is the
matte to metal eye primer transformer
and what this is supposed to do is
you're supposed to be able to put it
underneath your eyeshadow and it's
supposed to give you a metallic shine
the problem with this for me is that
it's just too oily when you blend it out
it just blends away completely I wish it
had a little more umph a little more
pizazz to it and it's just there isn't
enough to it and when you put it I
shadow over top of it the eyeshadow just
covers it up completely and you can't
even see it at all I know it's a very
inexpensive product but I didn't see it
do anything I don't even think it's
worth the low price for it it's not
worth anything to me it's not good
if you have oily eyelids you definitely
want to stay away from it because it
does feel like it's an oil-based product
and it'll just increase the oiliness of
your lids all right we got to stop here
because number eight I actually messed
up on it was the brow Zing's by benefit
and I realized as I was editing that I
had been using the product incorrectly
so instead of presenting that incorrect
information to you we just don't have a
number eight this month so onto number
seven next the product that I did a full
review on this is the Kat Von D shade +
light glimmer palette and it's not a bad
palette but I wouldn't say that it's a
good palette either you definitely like
I said in the review you definitely need
a glitter glue in order to get some of
these shiny guys to stay on your eyes
but even with a glitter glue I do find
that I have glitter on my cheeks
throughout the day which I don't like
this is a fun product to kind of be in
addition to other palettes that kind of
use with other palettes but as far as it
being on its own I haven't have figured
out a way to use it completely on its
own it's just okay for me I really like
the top shades probably the best but as
far as the rest of the shades I'm having
a little bit of difficulty working with
them it's just not super user-friendly
it takes a lot of thought and effort for
me to work with it and I'm just not
really enjoying it very much I'm very
sad to say but I do plan on hanging onto
it because I do feel like there are uses
for these shades I get a full review
linked in the description in case you
want to hear about how I feel about all
the individual shade swatches look and
all of that at number six this is gonna
be a shocker I did not do a full review
on this I kind of feel like I got it and
I was doing a bunch of other product
reviews and I kind of feel like I'm past
the point for this one this is a Sephora
Pro cool palette there was a there were
a lot of good reviews a lot of hype over
this when it came out people were
comparing it to the natasha genoa
formula I can tell you from my personal
experience this is not compared to the
natasha - no - formula at all I like the
intouch - no not much better it does not
compare to Vizio it doesn't compare to
any of those shadows I find the matte
shades to be much less pigmented much
powdery err I find the foils to not be
as foiled as some of those I'm a huge
failed eyeshadow fan and
I really find these to fall flat there's
a couple of topper shades in here that
are kind of fun to play with kind of
like the Kat Von D shade + light glimmer
palette it's okay I can get some pretty
looks out of it it's not a bad palette
that's why it's at number six it's not a
bad palette it's just not as awesome as
I thought it was gonna be especially
with the reviews I was watching I
thought that it was gonna be amazing and
it's just kind of mad for me just kind
of myth not bad not good just nice
you're probably gonna be surprised that
this is this high up on my countdown but
I've got the Anastacio subculture
palette for you I got lots of palettes
in this in this video
not a sadhya subculture palette I am
having fun using this I have been really
enjoying it it definitely took a while
for me to figure out again full review
down below in the description if you
want to see my full thoughts on this but
I'm having a lot of fun with this is it
user friendly for me no but now that
I've kind of figured it out I'm actually
having a lot of fun I love the color
selection now because there are a lot of
colors in here that I didn't previously
have in my collection that now I have
that I can use
I'm loving using this as I'm going into
fall and trying to start doing some fall
looks this is a perfect fall palette for
me as far as like the pressing issue and
all of that I dress all of that in the
full review but for me I liked it but it
is work to use so that's why it's so
lowdown but it is a good palette and I
really like it a lot I did get a PR
package from NYX earlier in the month
and I got to try a lot of things there's
some standout things that I want to show
you some things we're just kind of mad
that I left out of the countdown but I
did want to mention these because I
really do like them a lot these are the
NYX ombre blushes they sent me a few of
these this is strictly chic and this one
is sweet spring so this one is like a
peach and then this one is a bright pink
and I'm really really liking these I
love how buildable they are that they
don't go on a complete clown face and
they build up very nicely I also like
that they do have a really good lasting
power on them especially for a drugstore
blush product I like the clip closure to
that it's not a magnetic closure that
these things are like solid clothes you
could throw these into your purse and
they'd probably be fine
but yeah I'm just really enjoying these
I think they're great blushes and I
never hear anybody talk about them so I
wanted to mention them to you these top
three are all like oh I love them all
this is the Jaclyn hill palette by
morphe I did a bazillion videos on this
I think I did four videos I think
Jacqueline did one I did four spell it
because I had so much I want to share
with you and I knew there was a lot of
interest
I took the shade card like for all
beauty Christie did and I taped it up
into the top so that I could have the
shades there that's why that's there it
doesn't come like this but I'm really
loving this eyeshadow palette I'm having
so much fun playing with it
again full review I'll put all four
videos I did on this palette down in the
description below
I've got swatches I've got a dupe video
for it I've got the full review of it
and then I have a first impressions
livestream that I did which probably you
can skip that one I like the least one
of the big blow away moments of the full
review is if you wanted the naked heat
palette you can find about ten shades
from the Naked heat palette duped in
this palette you don't need the naked
heat and this you'll miss out on like
two to three shades from the naked heat
palette but really really great palette
I love the foiled shades in here they're
wonderful the mattes are really easy to
use I am NOT a morphe affiliate I don't
know Jaclyn hill at all I'm not talking
about it from that perspective at all I
just really am enjoying this palette a
lot
one big critique of this is this thing
is getting filthy I wish I had covered
it with some kind of contact paper clear
contact paper right now with
back-to-school you can find clear
contact paper on sale for like book
covers and things like that I definitely
recommend covering with that if you want
it to stay clean because this is getting
absolutely filthy but that's really my
only complaint about this it's a it's a
wonderful palette it's very very good
next is another NYX product that they
had sent me as part of the PR package
this is the NYX epic ink liner and as
soon as I use this about three or four
times I knew I had to tell you about it
I just knew that this had to go in a
favorites video this is amazing okay
I've seen both my friends Jessica from
gem u89 and Cassie from thrift tech I've
seen them both talked about this and
both really enjoy it it is wonderful
it's wonderful it is just as good as the
Kat Von D tattoo liner and trooper for
me just as good as the seal at all
stay all day for me and it is a fraction
of the price I was obsessed with the
Jessie's Girl liquid liner forever I
have to tell you I like this one better
and let me tell you why with the
Jessie's Girl I would sometimes wipe my
wing a little bit over on the side and
it would kind of flake off a little bit
if I was too rough like if I was you
know just oh tired and wiping my eye
this doesn't rub off until you want it
to where that one would kind of fade if
I rubbed it this one doesn't fade and
that's why I like this one just a little
bit more I also like that it is more
accessible than the Jessie scroll the
Jessie girls it's Jessie's girls kind of
hard to find where this one's really
easy to find so oh my gosh definitely
recommend this if you love liquid
eyeliners if you love pen eyeliners you
need to try this in my opinion the point
is so fine the ink in here is so black
it is amazing it does leave a little bit
of a shine it's not a completely matte
formula so if you wanted a matte I'm
sorry this isn't matte but from far away
you really can't tell I don't think I
think only if it's you know you're
really up close can you tell that it's
not completely matte but highly highly
recommend this product to you and the
last one was a complete shocker to me
number one this month total shocker I
have my friend Nancy sent this to me and
I was like I don't know about this
product but oh my gosh I love this this
is my milk make up this is literally the
first thing I've ever tried from milk
makeup that I liked I tried like maybe
five or six products from milk makeup
haven't liked anything I love this this
is so fun this is the milk makeup
holographic lip gloss it's not
holographic I mean it's not even the
packaging is holographic you can see the
rainbows you know bouncing off of it but
what this reminds me of is a softer more
glossy version of two-faced unicorn
tears and I actually like this better
than unicorn tears because it gives more
shine the unicorn tears is more intense
it's a creamy formula where this is more
of a glossy formula and now that glossy
and shiny is coming back in I'm really
really loving this and actually like it
better than unicorn tears I never
thought I would say that but that's the
way I feel and because of the surprise
factor that's why this is number one but
those top three I like them all equally
there
amazing so I want to thank you so very
much for watching this video I hope you
enjoyed it if this is the first video
you've seen of mine hello I am Jen I
upload every day pretty much I have
makeup minutes every Monday through
Friday we've got whatsapp and makeup
which is my makeup news show on Sunday I
do makeup a reviews on Monday Wednesday
and Friday so tons of content coming at
you all different kinds it's kind of
like a television station you know you
may not watch one kind of thing but you
may want to watch another kind of thing
you don't have to watch everything I
pride myself on being very detailed a
very thorough giving you the best most
researched information that there is out
there on YouTube so if you're interested
in that at all at all I definitely
recommend that you subscribe to the
channel and again I want to thank you so
much for watching mad love and I will
see you in a video soon